Store Policies
If you have any questions about the shipping and return policies listed below, please feel free to contact us using the contact information at the bottom.

Our site will calculate shipping charges for you automatically during the checkout process, and you do not need to buy anything to see these charges. The shipping costs are calculated based on the carton weight and dimensions of each product, and the costs are then combined to determine the total shipping cost.

Shipping Policy
This website incorporates UPS, FedEx and / or USPS quick estimates for shipping calculators. This means shipping costs are automatically calculated with approximate shipping charges based on your "ship to" address for smaller items, small packages, and other types of ground shipments. Read our full Shipping Policy here.

Return Policy
SPECIAL ORDER ITEMS - which include most items shown and offered on our sites are not returnable through the national distribution network. Read our full Return Policy here.

Security Notice
Security is a very important part to having a safe and enjoyable online experience. We use the latest technology to protect all of the information you send and receive during the checkout process. The connection between your browser and our server is encrypted with industry leading SSL technology. SSL encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet. Your browser must support SSL.

Our Secure Shopping Guarantee protects you every time you shop with us so that you never have to worry about the safety of your credit card information. We use the industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL), to keep your order information secure. We guarantee that every transaction you make here will be safe and secure. You pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping online with us.

Guarantee Details
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, we will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. We will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made on our site while using our secure servers. Should any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping here you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

Thank you for shopping with us!